README.md, before:


<br><br><br>
<b>Welcome to Ben's Comparison tool</b><br><br>
I have found that many many times I need to compare 2 Lists and there is always a catch or trick like duplicate values
that causes it to take a lot longer than it should.<br>
I wanted to create something super quick and so simple even an idiot like Ben (that's me) can use AND works in most cases. 
<br>
The design goal was to make it easy enough that it should take less than  10 minutes to figure out how
it works and once you know that, it will take less than 5 minutes to run it next time.
<br>
I also wanted to keep it pure Java in case anyone wanted to use it their projects without adding dependencies.
<br>
The program works with Java Collections but for displays I choose to use the word "List" because that is what most
people understand. I want the result be readable by non-techies.
<br>
<br>

<b>GETTING STARTED</b><br>
1. Goto the "test" folder.
2. The "MainManualRunner" is the simplest example of how to run the program. You can run that...
3. Goto the "examples" folder under test... This will have more complex examples including how to load from a CSV file.
4. The "examples" have parameters at the top, just fill those in and run.
5. You can take the "examples" and put them directly in your project, you might need include the "TEST" Maven dependencies. 

<br>
<b>Best Practices:</b>
* The names of the lists should not be more than 25 characters. This is only for display and file name reasons. There
is no actual length enforced. 
* Always include a report directory. There are A LOT of useful reports.
* Let the program handle blanks separately. (The default setting)

















<br><br><br><br><br><br>
<br><br><br><br><br><br>
<b>TODO:</b>
* Add recommended length to Input List Names.
* https://opensource.stackexchange.com/questions/4710/how-to-publish-my-open-source-library-to-maven
* When the program starts... if using reports, check to see if any of the existing reports are open in Excel (aka: locked)
* Add example on how to compare 2 columns in an Excel File.
* Add "dual" modes. That would do the compare WITH and WITHOUT some options like trim at the same time. So, you would get 2 sets of reports. I could call it "insight"
* Move the Input files to a holding dir after the compare so it's ready for the next one.
* Call it an "Equivalency" values files for manually matching things.


<br>
Compare:<br>
* Exclude List


<br>
<br>
Report:<br>
* Include BOM in reports. Might want to make this configurable.
* For CSV reports... return a report as a List&lt;List&lt;String&gt;&gt; instead of writing to file, so I do all the heavy lifting of report generation but not include a dependency.


<br><br><br>

Helper Info:
The Video I used to help deploy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxP9IuJbcDQ

Commit message:

1.2.2 - Updates - Code warnings Cleanup
* Cleaned up a number of code "Warnings"
* Moved the MainManualRunner.java to SuperSimpleExample under Examples
* Significant error handling added for the Main Example when running for the first time and the input directories do not exist. This should help with the ability to start using the program.

README.md, after:


<br><br><br>
<b>Welcome to Ben's Comparison tool</b><br><br>
I have found that many many times I need to compare 2 Lists and there is always a catch or trick like duplicate values
that causes it to take a lot longer than it should.<br>
I wanted to create something super quick and so simple even an idiot like Ben (that's me) can use AND works in most cases. 
<br>
The design goal was to make it easy enough that it should take less than  10 minutes to figure out how
it works and once you know that, it will take less than 5 minutes to run it next time.
<br>
I also wanted to keep it pure Java in case anyone wanted to use it their projects without adding dependencies.
<br>
The program works with Java Collections but for displays I choose to use the word "List" because that is what most
people understand. I want the result be readable by non-techies.
<br>
<br>

<b>GETTING STARTED</b><br>
1. Goto the "src/test/java/../examples" folder.
2. You will find 2 files, "SuperSimpleExample.java" and "BcRunCsvMatchAndMergeMain". These are the 2 best examples I think you will use.
3. You should just be able to run the SuperSimpleExample and see what the program does. (Note, this does NOT include any file reports).
4. After you run that, you will want to look at the BcRunCsvMatchAndMergeMain. You can also just run this. It should create the 
5. You can take the "examples" and put them directly in your project, you might need include the "TEST" Maven dependencies. 

<br>
<b>Best Practices:</b>
* The names of the lists should not be more than 25 characters. This is only for display and file name reasons. There
is no actual length enforced. 
* Always include a report directory. There are A LOT of useful reports.
* Let the program handle blanks separately. (The default setting)

















<br><br><br><br><br><br>
<br><br><br><br><br><br>
<b>TODO:</b>
* Add recommended length to Input List Names.
* https://opensource.stackexchange.com/questions/4710/how-to-publish-my-open-source-library-to-maven
* When the program starts... if using reports, check to see if any of the existing reports are open in Excel (aka: locked)
* Add example on how to compare 2 columns in an Excel File.
* Add "dual" modes. That would do the compare WITH and WITHOUT some options like trim at the same time. So, you would get 2 sets of reports. I could call it "insight"
* Move the Input files to a holding dir after the compare so it's ready for the next one.
* Call it an "Equivalency" values files for manually matching things.


<br>
Compare:<br>
* Exclude List


<br>
<br>
Report:<br>
* Include BOM in reports. Might want to make this configurable.
* For CSV reports... return a report as a List&lt;List&lt;String&gt;&gt; instead of writing to file, so I do all the heavy lifting of report generation but not include a dependency.


<br><br><br>

Helper Info:
The Video I used to help deploy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxP9IuJbcDQ
